docs: adds troubleshoot guidance for delta issues (#1974)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 301.Troubleshoot/03.Mender-Client/docs.md

* artifact - `mender-artifact read <mender-artifact.mender>`
* device - Run the command on the device `mender show-provides`
* server UI - `Releases -> Select Release -> Expand the artifact info by clicking it -> Expand Provides and Depends`

### Checking inconsistencies about the root file system checksums

The checksum shown with `mender show-provides` does not necessarily represent the running partition's actual checksum.

> For example, if you remount the partition `rw`, change something and remount it `ro`, the checksum in the `mender provides` won't change, while the checksum of the running partition changes.

Reviewer: For consistency,

```suggestion
For example, if you remount the partition `rw`, change something and remount it `ro`, the checksum in the `mender show-provides` won't change, while the checksum of the running partition changes.
```

As part of your troubleshooting, you can check that the actual checksum on the device is the same as in the `Depends` field.

> A general command should be something like the below, but it depends on your device's type of dd.

Reviewer 2: "type of dd" sounds like we have seen problems with different implementations of `dd`. Is this accurate? Or did you mean to refer the input file?

Reviewer 3: This originates from me, it was a cheap way to say "It wasn't working with my busybox `dd` but don't know what I did!".
Don't know what the solution was of if there was a workaround or I just installed the correct one.
Voting that we just remove that part and assume real dd.

> You can check what is your active root file system (`$ACTIVE_PARTITION` in the following `dd`) with a command like `lsblk`, `fdisk -l`, or similar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can identify your active root file system (`$ACTIVE_PARTITION` in the following `dd`) with a command like `lsblk`, `fdisk -l`, `mount` or similar.
```

> The payload size of the version running on the device can be fetched from `mender-artifact read delta.mender`, check for the variable `rootfs_file_size` and use it as `$PAYLOAD_SIZE` in the following `dd`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The payload size of the version running on the device can be obtained from `mender-artifact read delta.mender`, check for the variable `rootfs_file_size` and use it as `$PAYLOAD_SIZE` in the following `dd`.
```
